# Transcript Highlights

1. Session 1 Beginning: Starting project based off the skeleton of my week 7 project, had Claude read the conversation.txt file as well as read the preexisting project files. Overviewed the remaining steps needed to fulfill the project further from the previous project breakdown as the website was still barebones.

2. Session 1 Early: Started to integrate a free movie API database and debugged. There were issues displaying the information from the .json file and merging that onto the selected card slideshows. Troubleshooted with what filters to use, error as data was being read in from local URLs rather than from API scripts.

3. Session 1 Middle: Debugging the star rating system- issues with interpreting decimal star ratings as invalid numbers, then fixing the star rating variable from a string to a proper number variable. Chose to round the star ratings with 2 decimal places.

4. Session 1 End: Movies selected from the card stack were not being saved properly into the user's library- issues with array being stored from one page onto another.

5. Session 2: Supabase user login troubleshooting, user information was being inputted incorrectly as guest@cineswipe.app@cineswipe.app, as well as the password not being validated properly after being deployed on Vercel.

Reflection: AI helped the most when using the additional tools- such as API integration and the Cloud security system from supabase. I wasn't really sure what steps to do after downloading the API json file, although I was able to extract what filters and data I wanted from it. While supabase is simple enough to also be linked to Vercel and GitHub directly, figuring out the setup of each of the components for user creation, security, and saved data storage, Claude was very helpful in giving steps for what settings and modifications to make on Vercel and Supabase. I think if I were to start over, I would want to do my own research of each of the authentication and database providers (Firebase, Supabase, etc.), before prompting Claude to just pick one and go from there. Firebase was not user friendly to navigate, and the semi-deceptive "free" aspect of it was a turn off, so I ended up switching to Supabase which had a better layout and more free capabilities. Additionally, I did not know that Claude AI would be knowledgeable on several of the online and up to date technologies like Firebase, Vercel, and Supabase when I was troubleshooting each of the difficulties. I think my prompting changed in that I know more about how to be hyperspecific and what to expect Claude to work on first. For example, I have to specifically state that I want UI/css to be worked on last rather than alongside all of the hardcode functioning. One thing I caught Claude doing wrong was interpreting the number data from the star rating as the wrong data type.
